#Lectures vpon the foure first chapters of the prophecie of Hosea Wherein the text is exponded and cleered, and such profitable instructions obserued, and applied, as naturally arise out of this holie Scripture, and are fit for these times. By Iohn Dovvname Bacheler in Diuinitie, and preacher of Gods word.#

##Downame, John, d. 1652.##
Lectures vpon the foure first chapters of the prophecie of Hosea Wherein the text is exponded and cleered, and such profitable instructions obserued, and applied, as naturally arise out of this holie Scripture, and are fit for these times. By Iohn Dovvname Bacheler in Diuinitie, and preacher of Gods word.
Downame, John, d. 1652.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A69/A69234.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A69/A69234.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99845814e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2013-08__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2013-08__ __Apex CoVantage__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2013-11__ __Ali Jakobson__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2013-11__ __Ali Jakobson__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2014-03__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
LECTVRES VPON THE FOVRE FIRST CHAPTERS OF THE PROPHECIE OF HOSEA.WHEREIN THE TEXT IS EXPOVNded and c
1. TO THE RIGHT REVEREND FATHER IN GOD, IAMES, BY GODS PROVIdence Lord Biſhop of Bathe and Welles: I. D. wiſheth all grace, proſperitie, and true comfort in this life, and eternall happineſſe in the life to come.

1. TO THE CHRISTIAN READER.

1. Faults eſcaped.

#####Body#####

1. LECTVRES VPON THE FIRST CHAPTER OF THE PROPHECIE OF HOSEA.

    _ The Preface or Introduction.
THe inſcription is ſet downe, verſe, 1. The word of theVerſe 1Lord which came to Hoſea the ſonne of ANd thus much concerning the inſcription: now it followeth that we ſpeake of the legall comminationsANd ſo much concerning the firſt part of this type or parable: wherein the Lord inioyneth the mariagANd thus haue I ſpoken of the firſt part of the legall commination, wherein their ſinne is expreſſedANd thus much concerning the name; wherein the puniſhment of the people is typically ſignified. Now The third obiect of puniſhment is the whole Commonwealth, and people of Iſrael in theſe words, v. 5.ANd ſo much concerning the firſt degree of the Iſraelites puniſhment, ſignified by the birth of the ANd ſo much concerning their ſecōd degree of puniſhment: the which is amplified by a diſſimilitude,ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond degree of the Iſraelites puniſhment. The third followeth, which isANd thus much concerning the Legall comminations. Euangelicall conſolations. Now follow the EuangeliANd ſo much concerning the dignity of the Church and people of God. In the next place is ſet downe tANd ſo much for the conſequent dutie to bee performed of the faithfull, after themſelues are made paANd ſo much concerning the firſt end of the denunciation of the diuorce, namelie, the repentance of ANd ſo much concerning the puniſhment of the adulterous mother, the whole Synagogue & Church of IſraANd ſo much concerning the diuorce between the Lord and the Church of Iſrael. In the next place is tANd ſo much concerning the peoples ſinne of Idolatrie, and the firſt branch of their vnthankfulnes, ANd ſo much concerning the puniſhment denounced. The effect of this puniſhment in the people is twofANd thus much concerning the puniſhments which the Lord threatneth againſt the people for their idolANd thus much concerning the ſin of the people of Iſrael. In the next place hee ſetteth downe their ANd ſo much concerning the firſt puniſhment here denounced. Verſ. 10 The ſecond followeth, verſ. 10.ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond puniſhment. The Verſ. 11 third followeth. Verſ. 11. And I will alſANd ſo much concerning the third puniſhment. The fourth is expreſſed in theſe words: Verſ. 12. And IANd ſo much concerning the puniſhments, which particularly are threatned againſt the Iſraelites. In ANd ſo much concerning the firſt part of this Chapter, containing in it legall threatnings, denounceANd ſo much concerning the ſecond benefit, which is the conſolation of Gods Spirit. Now in the thirdANd ſo much cōcerning the ſecond benefit. In the third place the Lord promiſeth, that he will giue ANd ſo much concerning the third benefit which the Lord promiſeth to the Church. The fourth followetANd ſo much concerning the fourth benefit. The fifth followeth, which is that neere and inſeparable ANd ſo much concerning the fifth benefit, which is the mariage of Chriſt with his Church. The ſixth ANd ſo much concerning the ſixth benefit. The laſt followeth, which is the propagation and multiplicANd this is the maine ſcope and chiefe end of this Prophecie. In the next place we are to ſpeak of tBVt let vs come to the words themſelues, Verſe 2. So IVerſe. 2bought her to mee for fifteene peeces THe Type is contained in theſe words: And I ſaid vntoVerſe. 3her, thou ſhalt abide with mee (or rathANd ſo much concerning the Widdow-hood of the Church of Iſraell Typically propounded: Now wee are toANd ſo much concerning the firſt fruite of Gods loue, whereby he approueth it vnto the people: namelBVt let vs come to ſpeake of theſe ſpeciall parts more particularly: the firſt whereof, is contaynedANd ſo much concerning the ſinnes of omiſsion, whereof the people of Iſraell are here accuſed and coAND ſo much concerning the firſt bill of inditement, whereby the people of Iſraell are accuſed & conANd ſo much concerning the firſt bill of Inditement; whereby the Iſraelits are arraigned and conuictANd ſo much concerning the ſecond bill of inditement: the Verſe 5 ſentence of condemnation is affixe ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond bill of inditement, and the ſentence thereto annexed. Now followeANd ſo much concernig the ſecond ſinne, laide to the charge of the Prieſts: the third followeth togeANd ſo much concerning the third ſinne, vvhereof the Prieſts are convicted and condemned, and the puANd thus much for their ſinne: in the next place he ſetteth downe their puniſhment, the which is firANd ſo much concerning their puniſhment generally expreſſed. In the next place it is particularly ſp ANd thus much concerning the ſinnes and puniſhments, both of the Prieſts and people. Now whereas it AND ſo much concerning the third bill of inditement; wherein the people of Iſraell, eſpecially the HEtherto we haue ſpoken of their firſt kind of Idolatry, that is to ſay, their conſulting with IdolsAND thus much concerning the firſt degree of their puniſhment: the ſecond followeth, Verſe 14. I wilAND thus much concerning the former part of this The ſecond part of the Chapter. Chapter, in which IANd thus much cōcerning the admonition. Now follow the reaſons wherby it is inforced, the which areANd thus much in generall concerning the ſinnes of the Iſraelites, namely, their ſtubborne rebellionANd thus much concerning their ſinnes of idolatrie, againſt the firſt table. In reſpect of the ſeconANd thus much concerning their ſins. Their puniſhmēt followeth: Verſ. 19. The winde hath bound thē
1. LETCVRES VPON THE SECOND CHAPTER OF THE PROPHECIE OF HOSEA.

    _ The Preface or Introduction.
THe inſcription is ſet downe, verſe, 1. The word of theVerſe 1Lord which came to Hoſea the ſonne of ANd thus much concerning the inſcription: now it followeth that we ſpeake of the legall comminationsANd ſo much concerning the firſt part of this type or parable: wherein the Lord inioyneth the mariagANd thus haue I ſpoken of the firſt part of the legall commination, wherein their ſinne is expreſſedANd thus much concerning the name; wherein the puniſhment of the people is typically ſignified. Now The third obiect of puniſhment is the whole Commonwealth, and people of Iſrael in theſe words, v. 5.ANd ſo much concerning the firſt degree of the Iſraelites puniſhment, ſignified by the birth of the ANd ſo much concerning their ſecōd degree of puniſhment: the which is amplified by a diſſimilitude,ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond degree of the Iſraelites puniſhment. The third followeth, which isANd thus much concerning the Legall comminations. Euangelicall conſolations. Now follow the EuangeliANd ſo much concerning the dignity of the Church and people of God. In the next place is ſet downe tANd ſo much for the conſequent dutie to bee performed of the faithfull, after themſelues are made paANd ſo much concerning the firſt end of the denunciation of the diuorce, namelie, the repentance of ANd ſo much concerning the puniſhment of the adulterous mother, the whole Synagogue & Church of IſraANd ſo much concerning the diuorce between the Lord and the Church of Iſrael. In the next place is tANd ſo much concerning the peoples ſinne of Idolatrie, and the firſt branch of their vnthankfulnes, ANd ſo much concerning the puniſhment denounced. The effect of this puniſhment in the people is twofANd thus much concerning the puniſhments which the Lord threatneth againſt the people for their idolANd thus much concerning the ſin of the people of Iſrael. In the next place hee ſetteth downe their ANd ſo much concerning the firſt puniſhment here denounced. Verſ. 10 The ſecond followeth, verſ. 10.ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond puniſhment. The Verſ. 11 third followeth. Verſ. 11. And I will alſANd ſo much concerning the third puniſhment. The fourth is expreſſed in theſe words: Verſ. 12. And IANd ſo much concerning the puniſhments, which particularly are threatned againſt the Iſraelites. In ANd ſo much concerning the firſt part of this Chapter, containing in it legall threatnings, denounceANd ſo much concerning the ſecond benefit, which is the conſolation of Gods Spirit. Now in the thirdANd ſo much cōcerning the ſecond benefit. In the third place the Lord promiſeth, that he will giue ANd ſo much concerning the third benefit which the Lord promiſeth to the Church. The fourth followetANd ſo much concerning the fourth benefit. The fifth followeth, which is that neere and inſeparable ANd ſo much concerning the fifth benefit, which is the mariage of Chriſt with his Church. The ſixth ANd ſo much concerning the ſixth benefit. The laſt followeth, which is the propagation and multiplicANd this is the maine ſcope and chiefe end of this Prophecie. In the next place we are to ſpeak of tBVt let vs come to the words themſelues, Verſe 2. So IVerſe. 2bought her to mee for fifteene peeces THe Type is contained in theſe words: And I ſaid vntoVerſe. 3her, thou ſhalt abide with mee (or rathANd ſo much concerning the Widdow-hood of the Church of Iſraell Typically propounded: Now wee are toANd ſo much concerning the firſt fruite of Gods loue, whereby he approueth it vnto the people: namelBVt let vs come to ſpeake of theſe ſpeciall parts more particularly: the firſt whereof, is contaynedANd ſo much concerning the ſinnes of omiſsion, whereof the people of Iſraell are here accuſed and coAND ſo much concerning the firſt bill of inditement, whereby the people of Iſraell are accuſed & conANd ſo much concerning the firſt bill of Inditement; whereby the Iſraelits are arraigned and conuictANd ſo much concerning the ſecond bill of inditement: the Verſe 5 ſentence of condemnation is affixe ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond bill of inditement, and the ſentence thereto annexed. Now followeANd ſo much concernig the ſecond ſinne, laide to the charge of the Prieſts: the third followeth togeANd ſo much concerning the third ſinne, vvhereof the Prieſts are convicted and condemned, and the puANd thus much for their ſinne: in the next place he ſetteth downe their puniſhment, the which is firANd ſo much concerning their puniſhment generally expreſſed. In the next place it is particularly ſp ANd thus much concerning the ſinnes and puniſhments, both of the Prieſts and people. Now whereas it AND ſo much concerning the third bill of inditement; wherein the people of Iſraell, eſpecially the HEtherto we haue ſpoken of their firſt kind of Idolatry, that is to ſay, their conſulting with IdolsAND thus much concerning the firſt degree of their puniſhment: the ſecond followeth, Verſe 14. I wilAND thus much concerning the former part of this The ſecond part of the Chapter. Chapter, in which IANd thus much cōcerning the admonition. Now follow the reaſons wherby it is inforced, the which areANd thus much in generall concerning the ſinnes of the Iſraelites, namely, their ſtubborne rebellionANd thus much concerning their ſinnes of idolatrie, againſt the firſt table. In reſpect of the ſeconANd thus much concerning their ſins. Their puniſhmēt followeth: Verſ. 19. The winde hath bound thē
1. LECTVRES VPON THE THIRD CHAPTER OF THE PROPHECIE OF HOSEA.

    _ The Preface or Introduction.
THe inſcription is ſet downe, verſe, 1. The word of theVerſe 1Lord which came to Hoſea the ſonne of ANd thus much concerning the inſcription: now it followeth that we ſpeake of the legall comminationsANd ſo much concerning the firſt part of this type or parable: wherein the Lord inioyneth the mariagANd thus haue I ſpoken of the firſt part of the legall commination, wherein their ſinne is expreſſedANd thus much concerning the name; wherein the puniſhment of the people is typically ſignified. Now The third obiect of puniſhment is the whole Commonwealth, and people of Iſrael in theſe words, v. 5.ANd ſo much concerning the firſt degree of the Iſraelites puniſhment, ſignified by the birth of the ANd ſo much concerning their ſecōd degree of puniſhment: the which is amplified by a diſſimilitude,ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond degree of the Iſraelites puniſhment. The third followeth, which isANd thus much concerning the Legall comminations. Euangelicall conſolations. Now follow the EuangeliANd ſo much concerning the dignity of the Church and people of God. In the next place is ſet downe tANd ſo much for the conſequent dutie to bee performed of the faithfull, after themſelues are made paANd ſo much concerning the firſt end of the denunciation of the diuorce, namelie, the repentance of ANd ſo much concerning the puniſhment of the adulterous mother, the whole Synagogue & Church of IſraANd ſo much concerning the diuorce between the Lord and the Church of Iſrael. In the next place is tANd ſo much concerning the peoples ſinne of Idolatrie, and the firſt branch of their vnthankfulnes, ANd ſo much concerning the puniſhment denounced. The effect of this puniſhment in the people is twofANd thus much concerning the puniſhments which the Lord threatneth againſt the people for their idolANd thus much concerning the ſin of the people of Iſrael. In the next place hee ſetteth downe their ANd ſo much concerning the firſt puniſhment here denounced. Verſ. 10 The ſecond followeth, verſ. 10.ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond puniſhment. The Verſ. 11 third followeth. Verſ. 11. And I will alſANd ſo much concerning the third puniſhment. The fourth is expreſſed in theſe words: Verſ. 12. And IANd ſo much concerning the puniſhments, which particularly are threatned againſt the Iſraelites. In ANd ſo much concerning the firſt part of this Chapter, containing in it legall threatnings, denounceANd ſo much concerning the ſecond benefit, which is the conſolation of Gods Spirit. Now in the thirdANd ſo much cōcerning the ſecond benefit. In the third place the Lord promiſeth, that he will giue ANd ſo much concerning the third benefit which the Lord promiſeth to the Church. The fourth followetANd ſo much concerning the fourth benefit. The fifth followeth, which is that neere and inſeparable ANd ſo much concerning the fifth benefit, which is the mariage of Chriſt with his Church. The ſixth ANd ſo much concerning the ſixth benefit. The laſt followeth, which is the propagation and multiplicANd this is the maine ſcope and chiefe end of this Prophecie. In the next place we are to ſpeak of tBVt let vs come to the words themſelues, Verſe 2. So IVerſe. 2bought her to mee for fifteene peeces THe Type is contained in theſe words: And I ſaid vntoVerſe. 3her, thou ſhalt abide with mee (or rathANd ſo much concerning the Widdow-hood of the Church of Iſraell Typically propounded: Now wee are toANd ſo much concerning the firſt fruite of Gods loue, whereby he approueth it vnto the people: namelBVt let vs come to ſpeake of theſe ſpeciall parts more particularly: the firſt whereof, is contaynedANd ſo much concerning the ſinnes of omiſsion, whereof the people of Iſraell are here accuſed and coAND ſo much concerning the firſt bill of inditement, whereby the people of Iſraell are accuſed & conANd ſo much concerning the firſt bill of Inditement; whereby the Iſraelits are arraigned and conuictANd ſo much concerning the ſecond bill of inditement: the Verſe 5 ſentence of condemnation is affixe ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond bill of inditement, and the ſentence thereto annexed. Now followeANd ſo much concernig the ſecond ſinne, laide to the charge of the Prieſts: the third followeth togeANd ſo much concerning the third ſinne, vvhereof the Prieſts are convicted and condemned, and the puANd thus much for their ſinne: in the next place he ſetteth downe their puniſhment, the which is firANd ſo much concerning their puniſhment generally expreſſed. In the next place it is particularly ſp ANd thus much concerning the ſinnes and puniſhments, both of the Prieſts and people. Now whereas it AND ſo much concerning the third bill of inditement; wherein the people of Iſraell, eſpecially the HEtherto we haue ſpoken of their firſt kind of Idolatry, that is to ſay, their conſulting with IdolsAND thus much concerning the firſt degree of their puniſhment: the ſecond followeth, Verſe 14. I wilAND thus much concerning the former part of this The ſecond part of the Chapter. Chapter, in which IANd thus much cōcerning the admonition. Now follow the reaſons wherby it is inforced, the which areANd thus much in generall concerning the ſinnes of the Iſraelites, namely, their ſtubborne rebellionANd thus much concerning their ſinnes of idolatrie, againſt the firſt table. In reſpect of the ſeconANd thus much concerning their ſins. Their puniſhmēt followeth: Verſ. 19. The winde hath bound thē
1. LECTVRES VPON THE FOVRTH CHAPTER OF THE PROPHECIE OF HOSEA.

    _ The Preface or Introduction.
THe inſcription is ſet downe, verſe, 1. The word of theVerſe 1Lord which came to Hoſea the ſonne of ANd thus much concerning the inſcription: now it followeth that we ſpeake of the legall comminationsANd ſo much concerning the firſt part of this type or parable: wherein the Lord inioyneth the mariagANd thus haue I ſpoken of the firſt part of the legall commination, wherein their ſinne is expreſſedANd thus much concerning the name; wherein the puniſhment of the people is typically ſignified. Now The third obiect of puniſhment is the whole Commonwealth, and people of Iſrael in theſe words, v. 5.ANd ſo much concerning the firſt degree of the Iſraelites puniſhment, ſignified by the birth of the ANd ſo much concerning their ſecōd degree of puniſhment: the which is amplified by a diſſimilitude,ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond degree of the Iſraelites puniſhment. The third followeth, which isANd thus much concerning the Legall comminations. Euangelicall conſolations. Now follow the EuangeliANd ſo much concerning the dignity of the Church and people of God. In the next place is ſet downe tANd ſo much for the conſequent dutie to bee performed of the faithfull, after themſelues are made paANd ſo much concerning the firſt end of the denunciation of the diuorce, namelie, the repentance of ANd ſo much concerning the puniſhment of the adulterous mother, the whole Synagogue & Church of IſraANd ſo much concerning the diuorce between the Lord and the Church of Iſrael. In the next place is tANd ſo much concerning the peoples ſinne of Idolatrie, and the firſt branch of their vnthankfulnes, ANd ſo much concerning the puniſhment denounced. The effect of this puniſhment in the people is twofANd thus much concerning the puniſhments which the Lord threatneth againſt the people for their idolANd thus much concerning the ſin of the people of Iſrael. In the next place hee ſetteth downe their ANd ſo much concerning the firſt puniſhment here denounced. Verſ. 10 The ſecond followeth, verſ. 10.ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond puniſhment. The Verſ. 11 third followeth. Verſ. 11. And I will alſANd ſo much concerning the third puniſhment. The fourth is expreſſed in theſe words: Verſ. 12. And IANd ſo much concerning the puniſhments, which particularly are threatned againſt the Iſraelites. In ANd ſo much concerning the firſt part of this Chapter, containing in it legall threatnings, denounceANd ſo much concerning the ſecond benefit, which is the conſolation of Gods Spirit. Now in the thirdANd ſo much cōcerning the ſecond benefit. In the third place the Lord promiſeth, that he will giue ANd ſo much concerning the third benefit which the Lord promiſeth to the Church. The fourth followetANd ſo much concerning the fourth benefit. The fifth followeth, which is that neere and inſeparable ANd ſo much concerning the fifth benefit, which is the mariage of Chriſt with his Church. The ſixth ANd ſo much concerning the ſixth benefit. The laſt followeth, which is the propagation and multiplicANd this is the maine ſcope and chiefe end of this Prophecie. In the next place we are to ſpeak of tBVt let vs come to the words themſelues, Verſe 2. So IVerſe. 2bought her to mee for fifteene peeces THe Type is contained in theſe words: And I ſaid vntoVerſe. 3her, thou ſhalt abide with mee (or rathANd ſo much concerning the Widdow-hood of the Church of Iſraell Typically propounded: Now wee are toANd ſo much concerning the firſt fruite of Gods loue, whereby he approueth it vnto the people: namelBVt let vs come to ſpeake of theſe ſpeciall parts more particularly: the firſt whereof, is contaynedANd ſo much concerning the ſinnes of omiſsion, whereof the people of Iſraell are here accuſed and coAND ſo much concerning the firſt bill of inditement, whereby the people of Iſraell are accuſed & conANd ſo much concerning the firſt bill of Inditement; whereby the Iſraelits are arraigned and conuictANd ſo much concerning the ſecond bill of inditement: the Verſe 5 ſentence of condemnation is affixe ANd ſo much concerning the ſecond bill of inditement, and the ſentence thereto annexed. Now followeANd ſo much concernig the ſecond ſinne, laide to the charge of the Prieſts: the third followeth togeANd ſo much concerning the third ſinne, vvhereof the Prieſts are convicted and condemned, and the puANd thus much for their ſinne: in the next place he ſetteth downe their puniſhment, the which is firANd ſo much concerning their puniſhment generally expreſſed. In the next place it is particularly ſp ANd thus much concerning the ſinnes and puniſhments, both of the Prieſts and people. Now whereas it AND ſo much concerning the third bill of inditement; wherein the people of Iſraell, eſpecially the HEtherto we haue ſpoken of their firſt kind of Idolatry, that is to ſay, their conſulting with IdolsAND thus much concerning the firſt degree of their puniſhment: the ſecond followeth, Verſe 14. I wilAND thus much concerning the former part of this The ſecond part of the Chapter. Chapter, in which IANd thus much cōcerning the admonition. Now follow the reaſons wherby it is inforced, the which areANd thus much in generall concerning the ſinnes of the Iſraelites, namely, their ſtubborne rebellionANd thus much concerning their ſinnes of idolatrie, againſt the firſt table. In reſpect of the ſeconANd thus much concerning their ſins. Their puniſhmēt followeth: Verſ. 19. The winde hath bound thē
**Types of content**

  * There are 7 **verse** lines!
  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 63 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (63) : foreign (31), illegible (32)  •  @__resp__ (32) : #KEYERS (29), #MURP (3)  •  @__extent__ (32) : 2 letters (5), 1 letter (23), 3 letters (3), 1 span (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|ùàéèò|249 224 233 232 242|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•…|8226 8230|
|Mathematical Operators|∣|8739|
|Geometric Shapes|▪|9642|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2014-11 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|6||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__am__|2||
|2.|__bibl__|1||
|3.|__body__|1||
|4.|__closer__|2||
|5.|__desc__|63||
|6.|__div__|63| @__type__ (63) : title_page (1), dedication (1), to_the_reader (1), errata (1), lectures (4), preface (1), part (54)|
|7.|__ex__|2||
|8.|__expan__|2||
|9.|__front__|1||
|10.|__g__|6205| @__ref__ (6205) : char:EOLhyphen (5937), char:cmbAbbrStroke (225), char:V (8), char:punc (29), char:EOLunhyphen (4), char:abque (2)|
|11.|__gap__|63| @__reason__ (63) : foreign (31), illegible (32)  •  @__resp__ (32) : #KEYERS (29), #MURP (3)  •  @__extent__ (32) : 2 letters (5), 1 letter (23), 3 letters (3), 1 span (1)|
|12.|__head__|8||
|13.|__hi__|3540| @__rend__ (71) : sup (71)|
|14.|__l__|7||
|15.|__label__|116| @__type__ (116) : milestone (116)|
|16.|__note__|2004| @__place__ (2004) : margin (2004)|
|17.|__p__|1462||
|18.|__pb__|680| @__facs__ (680) : tcp:10737:1 (2), tcp:10737:2 (2), tcp:10737:3 (2), tcp:10737:4 (2), tcp:10737:5 (2), tcp:10737:6 (2), tcp:10737:7 (2), tcp:10737:8 (2), tcp:10737:9 (2), tcp:10737:10 (2), tcp:10737:11 (2), tcp:10737:12 (2), tcp:10737:13 (2), tcp:10737:14 (2), tcp:10737:15 (2), tcp:10737:16 (2), tcp:10737:17 (2), tcp:10737:18 (2), tcp:10737:19 (2), tcp:10737:20 (2), tcp:10737:21 (2), tcp:10737:22 (2), tcp:10737:23 (2), tcp:10737:24 (2), tcp:10737:25 (2), tcp:10737:26 (2), tcp:10737:27 (2), tcp:10737:28 (2), tcp:10737:29 (2), tcp:10737:30 (2), tcp:10737:31 (2), tcp:10737:32 (2), tcp:10737:33 (2), tcp:10737:34 (2), tcp:10737:35 (2), tcp:10737:36 (2), tcp:10737:37 (2), tcp:10737:38 (2), tcp:10737:39 (2), tcp:10737:40 (2), tcp:10737:41 (2), tcp:10737:42 (2), tcp:10737:43 (2), tcp:10737:44 (2), tcp:10737:45 (2), tcp:10737:46 (2), tcp:10737:47 (2), tcp:10737:48 (2), tcp:10737:49 (2), tcp:10737:50 (2), tcp:10737:51 (2), tcp:10737:52 (2), tcp:10737:53 (2), tcp:10737:54 (2), tcp:10737:55 (2), tcp:10737:56 (2), tcp:10737:57 (2), tcp:10737:58 (2), tcp:10737:59 (2), tcp:10737:60 (2), tcp:10737:61 (2), tcp:10737:62 (2), tcp:10737:63 (2), tcp:10737:64 (2), tcp:10737:65 (2), tcp:10737:66 (2), tcp:10737:67 (2), tcp:10737:68 (2), tcp:10737:69 (2), tcp:10737:70 (2), tcp:10737:71 (2), tcp:10737:72 (2), tcp:10737:73 (2), tcp:10737:74 (2), tcp:10737:75 (2), tcp:10737:76 (2), tcp:10737:77 (2), tcp:10737:78 (2), tcp:10737:79 (2), tcp:10737:80 (2), tcp:10737:81 (2), tcp:10737:82 (2), tcp:10737:83 (2), tcp:10737:84 (2), tcp:10737:85 (2), tcp:10737:86 (2), tcp:10737:87 (2), tcp:10737:88 (2), tcp:10737:89 (2), tcp:10737:90 (2), tcp:10737:91 (2), tcp:10737:92 (2), tcp:10737:93 (2), tcp:10737:94 (2), tcp:10737:95 (2), tcp:10737:96 (2), tcp:10737:97 (2), tcp:10737:98 (2), tcp:10737:99 (2), tcp:10737:100 (2), tcp:10737:101 (2), tcp:10737:102 (2), tcp:10737:103 (2), tcp:10737:104 (2), tcp:10737:105 (2), tcp:10737:106 (2), tcp:10737:107 (2), tcp:10737:108 (2), tcp:10737:109 (2), tcp:10737:110 (2), tcp:10737:111 (2), tcp:10737:112 (2), tcp:10737:113 (2), tcp:10737:114 (2), tcp:10737:115 (2), tcp:10737:116 (2), tcp:10737:117 (2), tcp:10737:118 (2), tcp:10737:119 (2), tcp:10737:120 (2), tcp:10737:121 (2), tcp:10737:122 (2), tcp:10737:123 (2), tcp:10737:124 (2), tcp:10737:125 (2), tcp:10737:126 (2), tcp:10737:127 (2), tcp:10737:128 (2), tcp:10737:129 (2), tcp:10737:130 (2), tcp:10737:131 (2), tcp:10737:132 (2), tcp:10737:133 (2), tcp:10737:134 (2), tcp:10737:135 (2), tcp:10737:136 (2), tcp:10737:137 (2), tcp:10737:138 (2), tcp:10737:139 (2), tcp:10737:140 (2), tcp:10737:141 (2), tcp:10737:142 (2), tcp:10737:143 (2), tcp:10737:144 (2), tcp:10737:145 (2), tcp:10737:146 (2), tcp:10737:147 (2), tcp:10737:148 (2), tcp:10737:149 (2), tcp:10737:150 (2), tcp:10737:151 (2), tcp:10737:152 (2), tcp:10737:153 (2), tcp:10737:154 (2), tcp:10737:155 (2), tcp:10737:156 (2), tcp:10737:157 (2), tcp:10737:158 (2), tcp:10737:159 (2), tcp:10737:160 (2), tcp:10737:161 (2), tcp:10737:162 (2), tcp:10737:163 (2), tcp:10737:164 (2), tcp:10737:165 (2), tcp:10737:166 (2), tcp:10737:167 (2), tcp:10737:168 (2), tcp:10737:169 (2), tcp:10737:170 (2), tcp:10737:171 (2), tcp:10737:172 (2), tcp:10737:173 (2), tcp:10737:174 (2), tcp:10737:175 (2), tcp:10737:176 (2), tcp:10737:177 (2), tcp:10737:178 (2), tcp:10737:179 (2), tcp:10737:180 (2), tcp:10737:181 (2), tcp:10737:182 (2), tcp:10737:183 (2), tcp:10737:184 (2), tcp:10737:185 (2), tcp:10737:186 (2), tcp:10737:187 (2), tcp:10737:188 (2), tcp:10737:189 (2), tcp:10737:190 (2), tcp:10737:191 (2), tcp:10737:192 (2), tcp:10737:193 (2), tcp:10737:194 (2), tcp:10737:195 (2), tcp:10737:196 (2), tcp:10737:197 (2), tcp:10737:198 (2), tcp:10737:199 (2), tcp:10737:200 (2), tcp:10737:201 (2), tcp:10737:202 (2), tcp:10737:203 (2), tcp:10737:204 (2), tcp:10737:205 (2), tcp:10737:206 (2), tcp:10737:207 (2), tcp:10737:208 (2), tcp:10737:209 (2), tcp:10737:210 (2), tcp:10737:211 (2), tcp:10737:212 (2), tcp:10737:213 (2), tcp:10737:214 (2), tcp:10737:215 (2), tcp:10737:216 (2), tcp:10737:217 (2), tcp:10737:218 (2), tcp:10737:219 (2), tcp:10737:220 (2), tcp:10737:221 (2), tcp:10737:222 (2), tcp:10737:223 (2), tcp:10737:224 (2), tcp:10737:225 (2), tcp:10737:226 (2), tcp:10737:227 (2), tcp:10737:228 (2), tcp:10737:229 (2), tcp:10737:230 (2), tcp:10737:231 (2), tcp:10737:232 (2), tcp:10737:233 (2), tcp:10737:234 (2), tcp:10737:235 (2), tcp:10737:236 (2), tcp:10737:237 (2), tcp:10737:238 (2), tcp:10737:239 (2), tcp:10737:240 (2), tcp:10737:241 (2), tcp:10737:242 (2), tcp:10737:243 (2), tcp:10737:244 (2), tcp:10737:245 (2), tcp:10737:246 (2), tcp:10737:247 (2), tcp:10737:248 (2), tcp:10737:249 (2), tcp:10737:250 (2), tcp:10737:251 (2), tcp:10737:252 (2), tcp:10737:253 (2), tcp:10737:254 (2), tcp:10737:255 (2), tcp:10737:256 (2), tcp:10737:257 (2), tcp:10737:258 (2), tcp:10737:259 (2), tcp:10737:260 (2), tcp:10737:261 (2), tcp:10737:262 (2), tcp:10737:263 (2), tcp:10737:264 (2), tcp:10737:265 (2), tcp:10737:266 (2), tcp:10737:267 (2), tcp:10737:268 (2), tcp:10737:269 (2), tcp:10737:270 (2), tcp:10737:271 (2), tcp:10737:272 (2), tcp:10737:273 (2), tcp:10737:274 (2), tcp:10737:275 (2), tcp:10737:276 (2), tcp:10737:277 (2), tcp:10737:278 (2), tcp:10737:279 (2), tcp:10737:280 (2), tcp:10737:281 (2), tcp:10737:282 (2), tcp:10737:283 (2), tcp:10737:284 (2), tcp:10737:285 (2), tcp:10737:286 (2), tcp:10737:287 (2), tcp:10737:288 (2), tcp:10737:289 (2), tcp:10737:290 (2), tcp:10737:291 (2), tcp:10737:292 (2), tcp:10737:293 (2), tcp:10737:294 (2), tcp:10737:295 (2), tcp:10737:296 (2), tcp:10737:297 (2), tcp:10737:298 (2), tcp:10737:299 (2), tcp:10737:300 (2), tcp:10737:301 (2), tcp:10737:302 (2), tcp:10737:303 (2), tcp:10737:304 (2), tcp:10737:305 (2), tcp:10737:306 (2), tcp:10737:307 (2), tcp:10737:308 (2), tcp:10737:309 (2), tcp:10737:310 (2), tcp:10737:311 (2), tcp:10737:312 (2), tcp:10737:313 (2), tcp:10737:314 (2), tcp:10737:315 (2), tcp:10737:316 (2), tcp:10737:317 (2), tcp:10737:318 (2), tcp:10737:319 (2), tcp:10737:320 (2), tcp:10737:321 (2), tcp:10737:322 (2), tcp:10737:323 (2), tcp:10737:324 (2), tcp:10737:325 (2), tcp:10737:326 (2), tcp:10737:327 (2), tcp:10737:328 (2), tcp:10737:329 (2), tcp:10737:330 (2), tcp:10737:331 (2), tcp:10737:332 (2), tcp:10737:333 (2), tcp:10737:334 (2), tcp:10737:335 (2), tcp:10737:336 (2), tcp:10737:337 (2), tcp:10737:338 (2), tcp:10737:339 (2), tcp:10737:340 (2)  •  @__rendition__ (3) : simple:additions (3)  •  @__n__ (665) : 1 (2), 2 (2), 3 (2), 4 (2), 5 (2), 6 (2), 7 (2), 8 (2), 9 (2), 10 (2), 11 (2), 12 (2), 13 (2), 14 (2), 15 (2), 16 (2), 17 (2), 18 (2), 19 (2), 20 (2), 21 (2), 22 (2), 23 (2), 24 (2), 25 (2), 26 (2), 27 (2), 28 (2), 29 (2), 30 (2), 31 (2), 32 (2), 33 (2), 34 (2), 35 (2), 36 (2), 37 (2), 38 (2), 39 (2), 40 (2), 41 (2), 42 (2), 43 (2), 44 (2), 45 (2), 46 (2), 47 (2), 48 (2), 49 (2), 50 (2), 51 (2), 52 (2), 53 (2), 54 (2), 55 (2), 56 (2), 57 (2), 58 (2), 59 (2), 60 (2), 61 (2), 62 (2), 63 (2), 64 (2), 65 (2), 66 (2), 67 (2), 68 (2), 69 (2), 88 (3), 89 (3), 72 (2), 73 (2), 92 (3), 93 (3), 76 (2), 77 (2), 78 (2), 79 (2), 80 (2), 81 (2), 82 (2), 83 (2), 84 (2), 85 (2), 86 (2), 87 (2), 90 (2), 91 (2), 94 (2), 95 (2), 96 (2), 97 (2), 98 (2), 99 (2), 100 (2), 101 (2), 102 (2), 103 (2), 104 (2), 105 (2), 106 (3), 107 (2), 108 (2), 109 (2), 110 (2), 111 (2), 112 (2), 113 (2), 114 (2), 115 (2), 117 (2), 118 (2), 119 (2), 120 (2), 121 (2), 122 (2), 123 (2), 124 (2), 125 (2), 126 (2), 127 (2), 128 (2), 129 (2), 130 (2), 131 (2), 132 (2), 133 (2), 134 (2), 135 (2), 136 (2), 137 (2), 138 (2), 139 (2), 140 (2), 141 (2), 142 (2), 143 (2), 144 (2), 145 (2), 146 (2), 147 (2), 148 (2), 149 (2), 150 (2), 151 (2), 152 (2), 153 (2), 154 (2), 155 (2), 156 (2), 157 (2), 158 (2), 159 (2), 160 (2), 161 (2), 162 (2), 163 (2), 164 (2), 165 (2), 166 (2), 167 (2), 168 (2), 169 (2), 170 (2), 171 (2), 173 (3), 174 (2), 175 (2), 176 (2), 177 (2), 178 (2), 179 (2), 180 (2), 181 (2), 182 (2), 183 (2), 184 (2), 185 (2), 186 (2), 187 (2), 188 (2), 189 (2), 190 (2), 191 (2), 192 (2), 193 (2), 194 (2), 195 (2), 196 (2), 197 (2), 198 (2), 199 (2), 200 (2), 201 (2), 202 (2), 203 (2), 204 (2), 205 (2), 206 (2), 207 (2), 208 (2), 209 (2), 210 (2), 211 (2), 212 (2), 213 (2), 214 (2), 215 (2), 216 (2), 217 (2), 218 (2), 219 (2), 220 (2), 221 (2), 222 (2), 223 (2), 224 (2), 225 (2), 226 (2), 227 (2), 228 (2), 229 (2), 230 (2), 231 (2), 232 (2), 233 (2), 234 (2), 235 (2), 236 (2), 237 (2), 238 (2), 239 (2), 240 (2), 241 (2), 242 (2), 243 (2), 244 (2), 245 (2), 246 (2), 247 (2), 248 (2), 249 (2), 250 (2), 251 (2), 252 (2), 253 (2), 254 (2), 255 (2), 256 (2), 257 (2), 258 (2), 259 (2), 260 (2), 261 (2), 262 (2), 263 (2), 264 (2), 265 (2), 266 (2), 267 (2), 268 (2), 269 (2), 270 (2), 271 (2), 272 (2), 273 (2), 274 (2), 275 (2), 276 (2), 277 (2), 278 (2), 279 (2), 280 (2), 281 (2), 282 (2), 283 (2), 284 (2), 285 (2), 286 (2), 287 (2), 288 (2), 289 (2), 290 (2), 291 (2), 292 (2), 293 (2), 294 (2), 295 (2), 296 (2), 297 (2), 298 (2), 299 (2), 300 (2), 301 (2), 032 (1), 303 (2), 304 (2), 305 (2), 306 (2), 307 (2), 308 (2), 309 (2), 310 (2), 311 (2), 312 (2), 313 (2), 314 (2), 315 (2), 316 (2), 317 (2), 318 (2), 319 (2), 320 (2), 70 (1), 71 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 116 (1), 172 (1), 302 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 324 (1), 325 (1), 326 (1), 329 (1), 330 (1), 331 (1), 332 (1), 333 (1), 334 (1), 335 (1), 336 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 339 (1), 340 (1), 341 (1), 342 (1), 343 (1), 344 (1), 345 (1), 346 (1), 347 (1)|
|19.|__q__|5||
|20.|__seg__|122| @__rend__ (6) : decorInit (6)  •  @__type__ (116) : milestoneunit (116)|
|21.|__signed__|2||
|22.|__trailer__|3||
